today we're going to show you a bit
about how to cheat pretty much online
it's all shy rooms yeah how to own noobs
this is how you do it select axle steel
do you look like a noob and end on
gibson explorer guitar with the standard
with the original paint design and
choose your normal costume now choose
ready and stroll over expert selected
things that you're doing it and now
they're gonna mainly think that now just
if do easy and press blue and then pray
and scroll down to two through the water
and employs you'll be doing easy and
they'll be doing hard or expert or
whatever mode now note all the times you
mainly want them to do expert well hard
is good off for the ring goddamn hard
prince named hard hard and now once the
battle begins you'll hit mostly every
note and i'll just let you watch their
side
oh man he gets tired as you can see this
thing this guy is being too good and
that's how fast you can win hey killa
gotta ask my him yeah yeah he made me
yep our medium and now let's just show
you how to do this yeah sorry our ideas
or you don't two of the main Wi-Fi sorry
PS to people but you can do it because
PS do suck okay don't create a match all
the time go to strangers there's always
like you got left out go too bad our
nice yard very room go to battle mode
and choose number of songs or 11 I'm
choose any stage it doesn't matter who's
infertile or prefer be losin lose it
lose infernal or the first stage and
then just choose your character any of
the three original characters and
preferred we actual seal dancing that
you're a really dumb mood and have a new
name or just we don't have like a cool
name yeah and like I thought I guys
earlier called AAA oh and here's some
guy joins ray reach oh right he likes
rage against machine I do too but I'm
not I don't name myself rage tom morello
I bet Tom level oh I think it's that one
idiot yeah but sometimes they'll quit on
you yeah they'll choose easy and keep
doing that and he's selecting this print
in your time oh look Tom Morello guitar
yeah dude Oh freezer pick off whoa what
guitars out 30 no one's here moving cars
are there we go okay now sometimes
they'll keep doing easier medium just um
they might be a little noob I'm just
going to turn back in and out if that
doesn't happen what your Hills you show
you something oh um some guy Oh Vidiot
okay now this is a point regarding
expert and then keep go into songs and
then quit back until they do expert so
our shoes hard yeah and do of course the
easiest song you don't hover over bulls
on parade so they think you're going to
do that then quickly switch to expert
I'll go down and just pretty little all
this guy's an idiot and if you want to
do a real easy song if you're an expert
player sort of like me I can't do that
well just hit me with your best shot la
rate is another one and there's one
awesome thing about this no matter what
their difficulty up power up will be
deleted because there's no mode higher
than expert so that's better home bulls
on parade is also no good song with you
about you hurt your fingers yeah and
Yoli without the solo if you saw
probably like me carnies drown good
active effort no as you can see this is
a noob yup total over to me and he can
look as being mr. a killer kick better
my username up there until adrenaline
the camera loves me well the go soul
that is let me see laughs to hack a
Lass's is Lambie bars both like the
other hold on earlier the other day we
were playing online and we had died we
had a row clam bar as in broken on his
jar here char no not about so he put 0
again what was the fuzzy socks does Nene
Aston so
and if you make it to the last cars
start saving your power-ups because that
means that they can actually make it to
the oh crap i hate see if your power
often tell the chorus until you can till
the unleashing on your buck o God hear
the music thanks Retta camera shopping I
feel like I'm talking the Daleks is it
simple and yet okay apparently you don't
want to fight a new bindu us on on
expert unless is bulls on parade which
you might be good at that's right easy
song because it doesn't have so many bad
souls were still I want you and so i'll
make another video on just the
walkthrough instead of showing so thanks
for watching and just remember cheerios
make you happy